Ron spike hey guys what's going on it's
you auntie and today the brand new
sneaker unboxings coming in from champs
sports uh yet another package so let's
go ahead and crack these open as you can
see beautiful wilderness out here out in
the woods I if you guys watch for me
make sure there's no wildlife back there
I got home the other night and it was
just like to do chillin over there so
you never know out in these woods it's
just gets real real out here man telling
you Oh strength today yeah so I have an
idea of what these are is on the box it
sets what they are uh-huh so but I
haven't seen them in person or in hand
and actually i'm excited because i'll
let you know why hold on so here's the
box under armour box oh wait wow wow the
smell oh it smells like weather really
um I'll tell you why I'm excited my gym
my current gym shoe that I work out a
lot in is the under armour with the
clutch fit the under armour spine I got
those when i was in new york city and i
work out in them all the time it's just
like an awesome form fitting shoe to
workout in so here we go this is the
under armour scorpio so as you can see
comes a little card here feed the beast
129 99 so let's crack these open under
armour paper right there um so whoa all
right very crazy shoe hold on thus
Melanie's is fantastic that's all I'm
going to say they smell really good so
let's take a look a closer look size 9
here we go under armour Scorpio it
almost Mike when I first kind of catch
announced reminds me of like a spring
blade um as you can see like the big
rivets or the grooves in there enough
smell guys I'm telling you it smells
like a leather jacket i don't know why i
don't know it's summative with the
material they use but let's take a look
at these things these are crazy they
look it's like a combination of let's
see
and all I said it might say that
springblade as you can see look at the
look how flexible they are and that's
kind of what I like about my clutch fit
is they're super just like bendable you
can move around in them so as you can
see looks like there's like a fuse upper
it's all just kind of like a mesh all
one all one piece coming up and then
there's a tongue here says Scorpio under
armour very like flexible tongue nothing
too hard there and then you've got your
under armour hit there under armour hit
there the entire plastic it's like a
plastic yeah it seems just like a
plastic silver shiny cap there I'm
curious to see how this is going to hold
up like you know while working out while
they're clanking together what I'm going
to really be interested to see and I'm
going to test them out is if it's if
these are going to chip off a lot and
then kind of look all like act up I mean
there's nothing wrong with that but yeah
you can I tell you I bet you I bet you
that that's gonna be interesting cuz i
really want to put these kind of to the
test to see because my clutch fit or
holding up great has smelled it again
under armour scorpio right there then
says scorpio right there and then
another little score Scorpio right there
so and then under armour hit right there
so overall say I will do a performance
uh test on these it says battle scars if
you're running hard enough the chrome
paint could chop off chip off all right
good that's and that's something was
really curious about so I guess they're
going for more of the more it chips off
the more you've kind of worked so i'm
curious and that's the first thing I
could tell is that this is definitely
going to chip off and if you want to
keep that clean looking shoe I'm sure
you may want it to look clean i don't
know uh very it's a very interesting
model almost looks like soccer cleats to
that's what i wanted to say I'm kind of
like this spring babe but also like a
soccer cleat so I'm gonna be very
curious to see how these how these um
perform really
I go to the gym every day so I'm
definitely be breaking these out no of
course bring you guys the performance
review shoutout under armour shot at the
champs always show in love thank you you
guys are always watching unboxing videos
hitting that thumbs up button leaving
comments really appreciate it we said
soccer ball I had soccer ball around
here to this would be perfect with these
I'm telling you there it is it's over
there should i get it no it's too far ah
but once again guys thanks for showing
love supporting i really appreciate it
like i said i'll show you my i have the
under armour anatomic stew i'm still
waiting to do performance review on
those but under armour performance
sneakers they do a really good job i'd
like to see them get into the casual
line a little bit too i think that would
be cool like if they did a brochure on
type sneaker i think i think they should
really step into that market a little
bit so that's the video thank you guys
try and think what else check all the
links in the description i'll post a
link to these in the description as well
in case anyone's looking to buy him and
then follow me on instagram and twitter
those links in the description yo auntie
shop you looking to buy you a ATT link
in the description that's going to do it
really appreciate the support guys talk
tomorrow take care peace
grunts spike